bug(20562): allowed_domains are compared case-sensitive if they use g… (#22126)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/20562.txt

```release-note:bug

> pki: allowed_domains are compared case-sensitive if they use glob patterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secrets/pki: allowed_domains are now compared in a case-insensitive if they use glob patterns
```

Also note that this filename should match the PR number not the issue number. So it should be named `changelog/22126.txt`
